I'm going to show you how to install a
bottle cage onto a Scotts Park 60
mountain bike this may apply to other
stock bikes as well on may other brands
of bikes - the two screws where you
normally install a bottle cage are also
being used to hold down these cables so
what we're gonna have to do is pull the
screw out both of the screws pull screw
out I'm using a three millimeter allen
wrench here now be careful when you pull
this screw out there's a little spacer
that is used to hold the cables apart
and there's metal clip underneath that
kind of holds the cables from going too
far out so don't lose those parts
okay the screws become stock in there
have about 15 millimetres of thread
that's just not enough to hold the ball
of cage and the cables so you're gonna
have to buy some new screws
I bought these screws at Home Depot or
Lowe's they have about 30 millimetres of
threads there the size is an m5 which is
five millimeters and with the threads
point eight millimeters part you just go
to the Home Depot look for m5 and get it
about like 30 millimeters long so what
you gonna do pull up a little the little
spacer that came out of there put that
between the two cables take your bottle
cage fit it with the top hole there and
you're gonna put the screw through get
it through the bottle cage through the
spacer through the clip on the bottom
and get lined up with the hole in the
frame and manually screw it in just get
it started and that's nothing right now
now we're gonna go ahead and take the
second spacer put that in place
put the screw through the bottle cage
through the spacer through the clip on
the bottom get a lined up with the hole
in the frame get started by hand once
you got that go ahead and just tighten
the screws
you got